it's monday and it seems like natalie
has a slight limp in her right leg it's
Tuesday and Natalie's one seems to get
progressively worse on her right leg
it's Wednesday now and you can see that
Natalie can barely walk on her right leg
I should go see sportsman hello Natalie
I'm dr. Justin walls and I'm here to
help you out with your shin pain alright
so I'm gonna ask you for a few questions
figure out what's going on so um how
long have you had this shin pain um it's
been hurting for about two weeks uh so
is there anything in particular that
started it or did it just kind of occur
I can't remember anything I just run
cross country so no so it's like an
everyday occurrence know like some days
that really hurt some days it doesn't
know for the past two weeks now it's
hurt just really badly when I run but
afterwards it doesn't hurt so much so
does it hurt like before your activity
during or after like when does it hurt
the most just mainly during okay so do
you have any like previous problems like
breaks or tears in the region no I've
been pretty healthy alright well i'm
going to palpate the area just to see
what's going on so tell me if it hurts I
might price card and where hurts you
know okay ooh alright it looks like you
may have shin splints so I'm gonna
introduce you to dr. oberlander here
he's going to take care of you and tape
you up but i would recommend getting
what a bone scan to make sure you don't
have any fractures okay so dr. overland
why don't you show us that a transpose
alright so first we're going to use pre
wrap and you start at the bottom and you
make your way up
and then you're going to want to use
stretchy tape and you start from the
bottom and you're going to go lateral to
medial and as you come around you want
to pull the cap and then come around and
make sure it's there and don't tape on
your patient you should have to the tape
off of your patient to knock partitions
and then you're going to finish off with
normal tips of the stretchy date doesn't
fall and once again you got pulled that
half
now you have a chance black tape
thanks guys feels great sportsman some
extra tips for shin splints are to
ultrasound massage stretch and ice